hey I just got my teacher evaluations
check out what this one student wrote I
loved dr. Geller's class mind-blowing
lectures dr. Geller you are definitely
the hottie of the paleontology
department ah hotties are the
paleontology Department there's a big
selling calendar who wrote it oh I wish
I knew but the evaluations are all
anonymous Hades saw their final exams
yeah cuz you could just match the
evaluation to the exam with the same
handwriting and boom there's her admirer
hot girls at stake and all of a sudden
he's Rain Man wait a minute wait it why
are we so sure that this is a girl it's
a girl anyway well it wouldn't matter
okay because I'm a teacher she's a
student is that against the rules no but
it is frowned upon I see besides it's a
big age difference well think of it like
this when you're 90 I know when I'm 90
she'll be like ad it won't seem like
such a big their room that's not what I
was gonna say at all what I was gonna
say is when you're 90 is to have the
memory of what was like to be the 20
year old